Chazz: THIS IS
THE TRUE STORY OF 3 LOSERS
PICKED TO LIVE IN A DUMP AND
HAVE THEIR DORKY LIVES TAPED.
THE CHAZZ PRESENTS
"THE LAME LIFE."
I'VE GOT ONE WORD
FOR YOU, SARGE--
SHOWER.
TRY USING ONE.
IT ACTUALLY
GETS YOU CLEAN.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, YOU TALK
IN YOUR SLEEP,
AND WHAT'S WITH
THE NIGHT LIGHT?
OH, AND FOR
YOUR INFORMATION,
I SHOWERED
LAST WEEK.
Syrus: WELL, NEXT TIME,
STAND UNDER THE WATER.
COME ON.
YOU GOTTA CHILL OUT.
IF WE'RE ALL
GONNA BE ROOMMATES,
YOU GUYS ARE GONNA HAFTA
MAKE SOME COMPROMISES.
NOW, I THINK
WE CAN SETTLE THIS
WITH A GROUP HUG.
I DON'T DO HUGS.
'CAUSE YOUR STENCH
SCARES EVERYONE AWAY.
HUH?
HMM?
THERE YOU HAVE IT, FOLKS--
THE DWEEB
IN ITS NATURAL HABITAT.
Jaden:
FORGET HOW TO KNOCK?
AND WHAT'S WITH
THE CAMERA, FELLINI?
I'M PITCHING MY LIFE
AS A REALITY SHOW.
IT'S GOT
A GREAT PREMISE--
ONE TALENTED
YOUNG DUELIST
FORCED TO LIVE
IN A DORM
FULL OF SLACKERS.
TALK ABOUT
A RATINGS GRABBER.
IT'S GONNA MAKE ME
A BIG STAR.
WITH A BIG HEAD.
Jaden: YOU MAY BE ONTO
SOMETHING HERE, CHAZZ,
BUT I THINK YOUR SHOW
NEEDS A PLOT TWIST.
WHAT COULD BE
MORE INTERESTING
THAN WATCHING ME?
Alexis: AM I
INTERRUPTING SOMETHING?
Syrus: I THINK WE FOUND
OUR PLOT TWIST, GUYS.
Hassleberry:
JADEN WAS RIGHT.
YOUR SHOW JUST GOT
A WHOLE LOT BETTER.
WHAT'S UP?
I LEFT MY DORM FOR GOOD.
SO DO YOU GUYS HAVE ROOM
FOR ONE MORE?
YES.
PLENTY.
HALLELUJAH!
Syrus: ONE MORE WHAT?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Bonaparte:
SO TELL ME, MONSIEUR,
WHO'S GONNA BE
OUR NEXT BIG STAR?
I'M JUST DYING
TO FIND OUT.
I'M SENSING SARCASM.
TRUST ME.
THIS TIME MY PLAN'S
ABSOLUTELY FOOLPROOF.
THIS IS OUR TICKET
TO FAME--
MR. SYRUS TRUESDALE,
YOUNGER BROTHER
OF ZANE TRUESDALE,
DUELIST LEAGUE
PROFESSIONAL.
THE PRESS
WILL EAT THIS UP.
DO YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE IF HE WINS,
WE'RE PROMOTING HIM
TO RA YELLOW...
[THINKING] AND, THANKS
TO HIS BIG BROTHER,
ALL EYES WILL BE
ON OUR SCHOOL.
[THINKING] IF HE GETS
PROMOTED TO YELLOW,
THERE'LL BE ONE LESS
SLACKER TO CONTEND WITH,
BRINGING MOI ONE STEP CLOSER
TO BIDDING THE RED DORM ADIEU.
HA HA HA!
Chazz: I GIVE YOU
CHEZ CHAZZ,
THE ULTIMATE
IN DORMING ELEGANCE.
Jaden: A SPA
WITH A WATERFALL?
DONCHA THINK
THAT'S OVERKILL?
Syrus:
OH, WE PASSED "OVERKILL"
SOMEWHERE BETWEEN
THE BOWLING ALLEY
IN THE BASEMENT
AND THE 3-RING CIRCUS
IN THE LIVING ROOM.
Alexis: HIGH CEILINGS?
MARBLE FLOORS?
I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SAY THIS, BUT
I'M IMPRESSED, CHAZZ.
IT'S AWESOME,
AND THERE'S TONS
OF SPACE.
SO DO YOU THINK
I CAN CRASH HERE?
BUT YOU WERE GONNA
CRASH IN OUR ROOM.
ZIP IT.
YOU CAN'T BLAME HER
FOR WANTING THE BEST.
I GUESS.
I MEAN, IF YOU LIKE
HIGH CEILINGS
AND HOT TUBS.
LET'S SEE.
LIVE IN LUXURY
OR SHARE A LUMPY PILLOW
WITH A FAMILY OF ROACHES?
SO WHY'D YOU LEAVE
YOUR DORM, ANYWAY?
WELL, GET THIS.
AH.
Hassleberry:
NICE, UH, UNIFORM, MA'AM.
OH, PLEASE.
THIS THING
WAS ALL CROWLER'S IDEA.
HUH?
HE ACTUALLY WANTED ME
TO WEAR THIS THING
AND SING WHILE I DUEL.
NO JOKE.
SOME CRAZY IDEA ABOUT TURNING ME
INTO A DUELING POP STAR.
CAN YOU PICTURE ME
WEARING THIS?
UHH...
HEH HEH.
GUYS?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN, WHO'D
WANNA SEE YOU
WEAR THAT THING?
UH, THANK YOU?
REAL SMOOTH.
HUH?
DON'T YOU GET IT?
THIS ISN'T JUST
ABOUT THE DRESS.
IT'S ABOUT
CHANCELLOR CROWLER.
HE'S GONNA
WEAR THE DRESS?
EH.
NOW THAT CROWLER'S
IN CHARGE,
HE'S EVEN
MORE DANGEROUS.
ALL HE WANTS TO DO
IS FURTHER HIS CAREER,
AND HE'S USING US,
SO WE HAFTA STOP HIM.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
WE CAN'T LET CROWLER
MANIPULATE US JUST
SO HE CAN LOOK GOOD.
WHO'S IN?
SYRUS? THERE YOU ARE.
HUH? HEY.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
WHO'S HE?
YOU WERE
LOOKING FOR ME?
WHAT'S UP?
A DUEL.
A DUEL? FOR ME?
WHO AM I DUELING?
A GIRL
IN OBELISK BLUE.
HER NAME IS MISSY,
AND I HEAR SHE DUELS
WITH A DECK FULL
OF INSECT MONSTERS.
MISSY? OK.
THAT GIRL TOTALLY CREEPS ME OUT,
BUT I'VE SEEN HER DUEL,
AND SHE'S REALLY GOOD.
WELL, CONGRATS.
YOU'RE CROWLER'S
NEXT VICTIM.
WAIT, SY.
THIS DUEL COULD BE
YOUR BIG BREAK.
YEAH. YOU'RE GONNA WIN
AND PROVE EVERYONE WRONG.
THEY'RE GONNA SEE
THE BRAVE SY.
JADEN,
ONE QUESTION--
WHEN YOU FIND
THE BRAVE SYRUS,
CAN YOU
DO ME A FAVOR
AND LET HIM KNOW
THE WIMPY ONE
IS LOOKING FOR HIM?
HEY, TRUESDALE.
SYRUS!
WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING, SON?
SY?
COME ON, SOLDIER.
UP AND AT 'EM.
YOU CAN'T HIDE
IN THERE FOREVER.
OF COURSE NOT.
JUST FOR A FEW DAYS,
A WEEK TOPS,
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I'VE GOT EVERYTHING
I NEED IN HERE--
BOTTLED WATER,
A CANNED HAM,
MR. FUZZY BEAR...
I AM NOT
EVEN GONNA ASK.
COME ON.
AAH!
LISTEN UP.
FEAR IS
YOUR MORTAL ENEMY.
AND FEAR NEEDS
TO BE DESTROYED.
NOW GET UP
AND FIGHT THAT FEAR.
FIGHT THAT FEAR.
BUT I'M AFRAID TO.
THEN YOU'VE ALREADY
LOST THE WAR.
IS THAT
WHAT YOU WANT?
NO. YOU WANNA WIN,
NOT JUST AGAINST
THIS MISSY GIRL,
BUT AGAINST
YOUR OWN FEAR.
NOW, WHAT SCARES YOU
THE MOST, TRUESDALE?
OHH...
Hassleberry: WE GOTTA LOCATE
THE SOURCE OF THIS FEAR
SO WE CAN LAUNCH A SNEAK ATTACK.
[THINKING]
IT'S POWER BOND,
THE CARD MY BROTHER GAVE
ME WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
IF I DIDN'T HAVE IT IN
MY DECK, I'D BE NOTHING.
IN FACT,
POWER BOND IS MY TICKET
TO THE PRO LEAGUE
SO I CAN BE
JUST LIKE ZANE SOMEDAY,
BUT WHAT IF I REALIZE
THAT I'M NOT GOOD ENOUGH?
[ALOUD] HUH!
[THINKING] WAIT.
THAT'S MY BIGGEST FEAR--
THAT EVERYONE ELSE WILL MOVE ON
AND LEAVE ME BEHIND.
[PANTING]
LATER, SYRUS.
WE'RE OFF
TO THE PRO LEAGUE.
DON'T LEAVE ME.
I WANNA GO
WITH YOU GUYS.
SORRY, SY.
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
HOLD ON.
I DON'T WANNA
BE ALOOOOOOOOONE!
I WON'T BE LEFT BEHIND.
I'M GONNA FIGHT MY FEAR,
BUT NOT RIGHT NOW.
HURRY. THE DUEL'S
ABOUT TO START, GUYS.
Syrus: HEY, CHAZZ?
HUH?
COULD YOU
GIVE THIS TO JADEN?
WHAT'S THAT?
DID YOU DECIDE TO WRITE
YOUR WILL OR SOMETHING?
JUST GIVE IT
TO HIM...
UGH.
BUT NO PEEKING.
IT'S POWER BOND.
Syrus:
WHAT'D I JUST SAY?
[CROWD CHEERING]
FACE IT.
ALL THE ODDS
ARE AGAINST
THAT LITTLE RUNT.
SIZE ISN'T EVERYTHING.
YOU, OF ALL PEOPLE,
SHOULD KNOW.
LOOK IN A MIRROR
LATELY?
WHERE WERE YOU?
NOWHERE.
SO YOU'RE
ZANE'S BROTHER?
DON'T TAKE THIS
TOO PERSONALLY, HUN,
BUT YOU'RE NOT EXACTLY
WHAT I WAS EXPECTING.
I MEAN,
JUST LOOK AT HIM.
I GUESS THE HOTTIE GENE
SKIPPED YOU.
HMM.
THAT'S NOT COOL.
NO FEAR, SON.
I'M SORRY,
BUT WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH HER HAIR?
WHO CARES?
LOOK, KID.
I'M A GIRL WHO GETS
WHAT SHE WANTS,
AND ONCE I WIN,
ZANE IS GONNA BE MINE
'CAUSE THIS DUEL
HAPPENS TO BE MY TICKET
TO THE PRO LEAGUE.
HUH?
WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
CROWLER. YOU WIN,
YOU ADVANCE TO RA.
I WIN, AND I
GET TO GO PRO.
ALL RIGHT. FINE.
THEN WHAT
ARE WE WAITING FOR?
GAME ON.
LADIES FIRST.
LOOK OUT.
I SUMMON PRICKLE FAIRY
IN DEFENSE MODE.
WHAT A START.
THIS PUTS TRUESDALE
IN A TIGHT SPOT.
NOW, ALL MY INSECT
MONSTERS ARE SAFE.
SO BASICALLY,
THERE'S NOT A CARD
IN MY DECK YOU CAN TOUCH.
DOES SHE REALLY THINK
HER OUTFIT LOOKS GOOD,
OR DID SHE GET
DRESSED IN THE DARK?
Jaden:
ALEXIS, FOCUS.
ALL RIGHT.
WATCH THIS.
I'LL START
WITH SHIELD CRUSH.
SO MUCH
FOR YOUR BIG PLAN
'CAUSE NOW I GET TO
CHOOSE ONE MONSTER
THAT'S IN DEFENSE MODE
AND DESTROY IT,
AND GUESS WHO I PICK.
THAT'S RIGHT.
NOW FOR
THE FUN PART.
CHECK THIS OUT.
I SUMMON STEAMROID
IN ATTACK MODE.
ALL RIGHT, PAL.
FULL STEAM AHEAD.
[CHUGGING]
UH...UH...UH...
AWESOME. SHE JUST
LEARNED HER LESSON.
DON'T DUEL IN HEELS.
[CHEERING]
Crowd: TRUESDALE, TRUESDALE,
TRUESDALE...
PEOPLE ARE
ACTUALLY CHEERING,
AND IT'S FOR ME.
I FINALLY HAVE FANS.
HA HA HA!
YA HEAR THAT?
THE CROWD LOVES ME.
OH, GREAT.
FAME'S GONE TO HIS HEAD.
BIG DEAL.
THAT'LL CHANGE ONCE I GO.
I'LL PLAY PINCH HOPPER
IN ATTACK MODE.
TOO BAD I'M NOT
AFRAID OF BUGS.
LIVING IN
A ROACH-INFESTED
DORM ROOM WILL DO THAT.
REALLY?
THEN I GUESS YOU WON'T
MIND THIS NEXT MOVE
BECAUSE IT'S BEEN KNOWN
TO BUG PEOPLE OUT.
I ACTIVATE THIS SPELL CARD--
MULTIPLICATION OF ANTS.
IT REPLACES MY PINCH HOPPER
WITH TWO ARMY ANT TOKENS.
THOSE ANTS ARE WORTH
JUST 500 POINTS EACH.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
OBVIOUSLY, I WAS
THINKING OF USING
PINCH HOPPER'S
SPECIAL EFFECT.
UH-OH.
WHEN HOPPER GOES
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN AUTOMATICALLY
SUMMON AN INSECT MONSTER
FROM MY HAND.
PESKY BUGS.
MEET THE DIVA
OF MY DECK.
SHE'S SWEET. SHE'S STRONG.
SHE'S INSECT PRINCESS.
YOU CAN DO THIS, SY.
JUST STAY CALM.
HERE'S THE DEAL.
MY PRINCESS
GETS 500 POINTS
FOR EVERY INSECT
SHE DESTROYS.
SO IF YOU THINK
SHE'S STRONG NOW,
JUST WAIT.
UH, HELLO?
ONE PROBLEM.
MY DECK DOESN'T
HAVE ANY INSECTS.
THAT'S ALL
ABOUT TO CHANGE.
'CAUSE I PLAY
MY INSECT GARDEN
SPELL CARD.
UH...UH...
WELCOME TO
THE JUNGLE, DWEEB.
WAIT A SEC. I SEE.
SYRUS DIDN'T HAVE
ANY INSECT MONSTERS.
SO MISSY'S GONNA
LEND HIM SOME OF HERS.
IT'S TIME FOR
MY WEAKER INSECTS
TO SEE HOW
THE OTHER HALF LIVES.
THEY'RE ALL YOURS, HUN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
MISSY TOTALLY SET HIM UP.
NICE GIANT ANT.
HEEL, BOY.
STILL NOT SCARED
OF BUGS, KID?
JUST WAIT
TILL I PLAY THIS.
[SCREECH]
I EQUIP MY PRINCESS
WITH INSECT PHEROMONE.
NOW ATTACK HIS ANT.
HA HA HA!
AND DON'T FORGET
HER MAJESTY'S SPECIAL EFFECT.
SHE GETS STRONGER
WITH EVERY BUG SHE STOMPS,
BUT WAIT.
YOU'RE NOT IN THE CLEAR
JUST YET, DORK.
NOW INSECT PHEROMONE
FORCES YOUR SECOND ANT
TO THROW DOWN
WITH HER ROYAL HIGHNESS.
NOT AGAIN.
UH...
I'M AFRAID SO.
Syrus: PLEASE TELL ME
YOU'RE DONE,
PRETTY PLEASE.
TRUESDALE, YOU'LL NEVER
DEFEAT YOUR ENEMY
UNLESS YOU DEFEAT
YOUR OWN FEAR.
[THINKING]
HASSLEBERRY'S RIGHT.
WHENEVER THINGS
GET TOUGH, I START
TO DOUBT MYSELF.
I HEAR THIS VOICE IN
MY HEAD TELLING ME
TO GIVE UP BECAUSE
I'M NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
YOU'RE NOT GOOD ENOUGH,
DORK, SO JUST GIVE UP.
[THINKING]
SEE? THERE IT IS.
[ALOUD]
SORRY, MISSY.
NO DICE.
SO FIRST, I'LL SWITCH MY
STEAMROID TO DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I'LL SUMMON
SUBMARINEROID
IN ATTACK MODE.
BIG DEAL.
WHAT'S THAT GONNA DO?
WITH JUST 800 POINTS,
IT CAN'T TOUCH MY PRINCESS.
I'M NOT AIMING
FOR YOUR PRINCESS
'CAUSE MY SUBMARINE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
LETS IT ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY.
SUBTERRANEAN
SNEAK ATTACK.
HUH?
WHO'S SCARED NOW?
WELL, WHY DON'T I GIVE
YOU A LITTLE HINT?
SHE'S THE ONE
WITH THE SUBMARINE
SPEEDING
TOWARDS HER.
AAH! AAH! AAH!
AND NOW, THANKS
TO MY SUBMARINEROID'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
IT SHIFTS
TO DEFENSE MODE
SO MY LIFE POINTS
ARE SAFE.
NOT BAD,
BUT WHAT HE REALLY
NEEDS TO PLAY IS
HIS POWER BOND CARD.
TOO BAD HE CAN'T.
IT'S NOT IN HIS DECK.
WHAT? HUH?
OH. POWER BOND?
HOW COULD YOU?
YOU BETTER HAVE
AN EXPLANATION.
Alexis:
YEAH. HE'S A JERK.
I DIDN'T TAKE IT.
SYRUS GAVE IT TO ME
TO GIVE TO YOU.
HMM? HE DID?
BUT WHY?
Syrus: I'LL PUT THIS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
I HAFTA WIN.
HEAR ME?
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO MEET ZANE,
AND WE ARE SO MEANT
FOR EACH OTHER.
NOW TIME FOR
ANOTHER INSECT--
MY MAGICAL LONGICORN.
YOU LIKE 'IM?
WELL, GUESS WHAT, HUN?
YOU CAN HAVE 'IM,
THANKS TO MY INSECT GARDEN.
AGAIN?
BONAPARTE, IF THIS WORKS,
MY ENTIRE PLAN'S A FLOP.
ONCE THAT BEETLE
BITES THE DUST,
IT'S, "GOODBYE, DWEEB,"
AND, "HELLO, HOTTIE."
[SCREECH]
OH, NO, YA DON'T.
WATCH THIS.
I PLAY NO ENTRY.
NOW YOUR MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE
ARE SWITCHED
TO DEFENSE MODE.
HUH.
NO ENTRY HAS
ANOTHER EFFECT, TOO.
YOU HAFTA GET RID OF
ONE CARD FROM YOUR HAND.
WHATEV'S.
LIKE I CARE.
THIS DUEL
IS TRE STRESSFUL.
OH, OUI, OUI.
GOOD HUSTLE,
SOLDIER.
CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S A WHOLE NEW SY.
WAY TA GO, BRO.
LUCKY BREAK,
BUT, HUN, YOU DON'T
WIN DUELS WITH LUCK,
BUT ON THE OTHER HAND,
I GUESS LUCK
IS ALL YOU'VE GOT.
OH, YEAH?
AND WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
FACE IT, GEEK.
YOU CAN PRACTICE
ALL YOU WANT.
YOU'LL NEVER BE
AS GOOD AS ZANE.
HUH? TAKE THAT BACK!
YA KNOW, I'VE LIVED
IN THE SHADOW
OF MY BIG BROTHER
FOR MY ENTIRE LIFE.
HE'S CONFIDENT.
HE WAS ALWAYS
A STAR ATHLETE,
GOT GOOD GRADES,
AND THEN THERE WAS ME--
ZANE'S LITTLE BROTHER,
SCARED I'D NEVER
BE THAT GOOD.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M SICK OF ALWAYS
BEING SCARED.
WHOA.
IT'S TIME
I FACED MY FEAR.
HERE GOES SOMETHIN'.
TO START,
I ACTIVATE VEHICROID
CONNECTION ZONE.
NICE TRY, BUT YOU SEEM
TO HAVE FORGOTTEN
ALL ABOUT
MY MAGICAL LONGICORN.
IT AUTOMATICALLY
DEVOURS YOUR SPELL CARDS.
BON APETIT.
HUH?
SORRY,
BUT FEEDING TIME
WILL HAFTA WAIT
BECAUSE MY VEHICROID
IS IMMUNE
TO MONSTER EFFECTS.
SO NOW I CAN
SACRIFICE DRILLOID,
SUBMARINEROID,
AND STEAMROID
SO I CAN PLAY SUPER
VEHICROID JUMBO DRILL.
3,000 ATTACK POINTS?
JUMBO DRILL,
ATTACK INSECT PRINCESS.
OHH!
HUH? [GASP]
UH...UHH!
THERE'S ANOTHER LITTLE
TWIST YOU SHOULD KNOW.
EVEN THOUGH
INSECT PRINCESS
WAS IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN OUR TWO
MONSTERS' STRENGTH
COMES OUT OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
WAIT, BUT IF I LOSE,
I'LL NEVER MEET MY SWEET ZANE.
IT'S NOT FAIR. [GASP]
[CROWD CHEERING]
THE WINNER--
ZANE'S LITTLE BROTHER.
AW, COME ON.
DIDN'T HE HEAR
MY SPEECH?
NICE JOB, SYRUS.
SOLDIER, I KNEW
YOU HAD IT IN YA.
[CROWD CHANTING "TRUESDALE"]
ZANE-Y, I'LL NEVER
QUIT YOU, BABY.
WAIT A SEC.
SO YOU'RE A RA YELLOW NOW?
Syrus: YUP.
Chazz: I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU GET TO MOVE OUT.
I'M STILL STUCK
IN THIS DUMP.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE MOVIN' UP
IN RANK, PRIVATE.
[SIGH]
Jaden: COME ON.
CHIN UP, SY.
IT'S JUST THAT,
WELL--
I KNOW HOW YA FEEL,
BUT THIS IS WHAT
YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED.
YOU'RE MOVIN' UP
IN THE WORLD.
OH, YEAH.
DON'T FORGET THAT.
YA KNOW, WHEN MY BROTHER
GAVE ME THIS CARD,
I THOUGHT I NEEDED IT
TO BE AS GOOD AS HE IS,
BUT I REALIZE NOW
I WAS WRONG.
KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE EVERYTHING
I NEED TO BE A WINNER,
I ALREADY HAVE INSIDE ME.
WELL PUT.
THANKS, JAY.
THAT'S WHY I DON'T
NEED TO CARRY 'ROUND
THIS CARD ANYMORE.
YOU TAKE IT.
THAT CARD BELONGS
WITH YOU, BRO.
KEEP IT AS A SOUVENIR,
A REMINDER OF
HOW BRAVE YOU ARE.
THAT COOL?
TIME TO GET
YOUR YELLOW ON. READY?
HUH?
Syrus: THAT ONLY WORKS
WHEN JADEN SAYS IT.
Bastion:
ALL RIGHT. FINE.
[LAUGHTER]
THEY GROW UP SO FAST,
DON'T THEY?
DON'T FORGET
TO WRITE, SOLDIER!
HEY, WHAT'S THE DEAL?
YOU'RE IN MY SEAT.
BUT YOU MOVED
TO THE YELLOW BARRACKS.
YOU CAN'T GET RID
'A ME THAT EASILY.
I'LL ALWAYS BE
A SLIFER AT HEART,
AND I EXPECT MY SEAT
TO BE EMPTY NEXT TIME.
SINCE WHEN
ARE YOU SO TOUGH?
SINCE I TOOK
YOUR ADVICE, SARGE.
PBBT!
LET'S TAKE IT OUTSIDE.
ZIP IT.
I'M LOSING MY APPETITE
OVER HERE.
REALLY?
THANKS, CHAZZ.
WHAT?
DROP THAT SHRIMP!
Syrus: WHO YOU CALLIN'
A SHRIMP?
Hassleberry: HEY, ONE BATTLE
AT A TIME, SOLDIER.
Chazz:
I WANT OUTTA HERE!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪